Pre-requistic: Open Browser and Launch website dev.skorkel.com.

                Step 1: Open either Chrome or Firefox Browser.
                Step 2: Launch website dev.skorkel.com
                Step 3: Fetch the title of website and calculate its length.
                Step 4: Verify that correct url opened.

Testcase Id 001: Test user logged in successfully using correct credentials and verify that user dashboard opened.

                Step 1: Execute Testcase Id 001.
                Step 2: Find Login button and Click on it to open Login form.
                Step 3: Find Username field and enter correct Username.
                Step 4: Find Password field and enter correct Password.
                Step 5: Find Login button of submit form and Click on it to send login details for verification.
                Step 6: After Login verify Dashboard opened.
                Step 7: Highlight the dashboard name.
                Step 8: Capture Screenshot of the page.
                Step 9. Close browser.

Testcase Id 002: Test user shouldn't logged in using invalid credentials.

                Step 1: Execute Pre-requistic.
                Step 2: Find Login button and Click on it to open Login form.
                Step 3: Find Username field and enter incorrect Username.
                Step 4: Find Password field and enter incorrect Password.
                Step 5: Find Login button of submit form and Click on it to send login details for verification.
                Step 6: If user not logged in, Find and print Error message.
                Step 7: Capture Screenshot of the page.
                Step 8: Close browser.

Testcase Id 003: Create a post on User Wall.
                Step 1. Execute Pre-requistic.
                Step 2. Execute Testcase Id 001.
                Step 3. Read data from Excel sheet.
                Step 3. Find Input Field  and Add focus to the Field .
                Step 4. input data fetched from excel sheet.
                Step 5. Post on the wall by clicking Post Button.
                Step 6. Capture Screenshot of the page.
                Step 7. Close browser.

Testcase Id 004: Create a new blog.
                Step 1. Execute pre requistic and Testcase Id 001.
                Step 2. Navigate to Create Blog page.
                Step 3. Read data from Excel sheet.
                Step 4. Find Input Field title and Add focus to the Field .
                Step 5. Input data fetched from excel
                Step 6. Find input field Description and Add focus to the field.
                Step 7. Input data fetched from excel.
                Step 8. Select classification of blog from dropdown.
                Step 9. Click on post button to post the blog.
                Step 10. Capture Screenshot of the blog listing page.



